Hash function :-
                hash function is the combination of hash code and comprasion function

hash code :-TC=O(1)
                he hash code in a hashmap refers to the value generated by the hash function for a given key. The hash function takes the key as input and produces a numeric value called the hash code. This hash code is then used to determine the index or bucket in which the key-value pair should be stored in the hashmap.basically hash code ka kam mapping karna ka hotha hain


comparison function :-
                        The comparison function is used in operations such as inserting elements, searching for elements, and ordering elements within the container. It provides a way to compare keys or values to determine their relative order or equality. hash code sa jo output miltha hain

collision handling :- 
                        when same hash code come for the two different keys

solutio to handle collision:-

    ->open hashing (seperate chaining) => put on the same place
                      in this on that place linked list head will be there and data will be attach to that head and like if new data come then that data also attach in the next position of previous data
                                    
    ->closed addressing => insert in the next position
                        in the ith position where we have to insert will be calculated by the function
                         Hi(a)=h(a)+Fi(a)
                         
                         in linear probing Fi(a) is i 

                         quardratic probing:-

n=number of entires in map
b=number of box available

v=n/b=load factor, max entries in a box

v<0.7, in this condition will be less

if n is increasing then also have to increase b(number of boxes) to maintain v for this will do rehashing

rehashing:- increase bucket size(number of boxes)

same we will follow for the searching and deletion



The functions `m.find(5)` and `m.count(5)` in `std::map` have different purposes and return different values:

1. `m.find(5)`: This function is used to search for the key "5" in the map. It returns an iterator pointing to the element with the specified key if it is found in the map. If the key is not found, it returns an iterator equal to `m.end()`. It allows you to check if the key exists in the map and get the iterator to access the key-value pair if it exists.

2. `m.count(5)`: This function is used to count the occurrences of the key "5" in the map. It returns the number of elements with the specified key in the map. In the case of `std::map`, since each key can only occur once, the return value will be either 0 (if the key is not present) or 1 (if the key is present).

So, the main difference between `m.find(5)` and `m.count(5)` is that `m.find(5)` returns an iterator to the element if found or `m.end()` if not found, while `m.count(5)` returns the count of occurrences (0 or 1) of the specified key.


If the key "5" is not found in the `std::map`, the `m.find(5)` function will return `m.end()`. The `std::map::find()` function returns an iterator pointing to the element with the specified key if it is found in the map. If the key is not found, it returns an iterator equal to the `std::map::end()` iterator, which represents the position just past the last element in the map.
                                
    